guys I just like to apologize for me not
making a video in a really long time
about a month now I've made a video
about were like reviews and stuff father
since July or August and it is October
now which is bad i need to do I need to
do my stuff for you guys and all I've
been uploading bt3 showing all that but
that doesn't count if you want to see
more of that let me know inbox me
comment whatever just let me know about
that but yeah I got the vapor flies in
July I got a whole outfit to go with
these um I got some socks shirt
hypercool speed top and shorts to match
no out 15 but yeah that's that basically
I'll get into the basics I'll start off
with them the gloves cost sixty dollars
out of the box now with text well that's
without fact that's just regular retail
60 bucks so it's obviously more than
that with the tags know that but you
guys get the point um colleges these are
Nikes new school of colleges and all
that have the logo on them now some some
colleges look like this and they have
that i was watching the organ game the
other day yesterday today sunday but
today sunday by the way i was watching
an organ game and De'Anthony Thomas was
wearing these with the organ logo on
them or something like that but yeah so
it's like nikes news glove and NFL teams
have the logo on them have their logo on
them like the charges they have logo on
that Cowboys all that since it's not
these nose glove like the vapor jet have
the logo and all that stuff so that's
pretty cool and again with Nike with the
NFL they're endorsed by that by the way
but um with some gloves like the vapor
Jets you'll notice when you say macula
cross that you have lines on them beta
stages had the lines on the group they
don't have they don't have this thing
like you for some reason I don't know
why but whatever so I read some stuff
about this hyperfuse technology which is
this part right here can't really get it
for you oh well give this little
messaging material right there really
flexible for
your hand and your knuckles to moving
stuff I'm very breathable the holes
right there three flex gussets and all
that stuff next gen magnet grip
full-length control the wrist strap
about the magnet grip drive use these
and practice a lot and in a game once
and they held up fine grip is still
amazing I might give you a grip test
with the nike football in a minute but i
don't know i might I don't know but yeah
it's really sticky what I mean with nike
gloves dead like you guys don't stick
together a lot that's just how they made
don't let that fool you I know some
girls will stick together like that and
so I'm not come off like the armiger's
you gotta pulling apart but you get it
but the wrist strap says vapor fly the
grip extends from the palm to the wrist
strap until they fire their kind of
glove is a really really thin nice
dinners glove in my opinion but I your
thumb is protected right here all that
good stuff means knoxy certification
have that on both gloves high school and
has a locker tag at the bottom but to
clean them what I do I turn them inside
out put them in the wash on the hand
washable cycle awesome with my other
nike clothes and the tag faded off but i
think it's still on the other one I'll
see ya has my name right there- was
right there so and this looks like a
printed nike sign so we're silverish one
like on the vapor carbons I don't know
if the lights up or anything like that
well it's pretty cool about the gloves I
woman practice knows really hot I was
like 80 degrees and I had the gloves on
almost the whole time and uh like the
design on them like this was on my hands
you know how like a tan line is and all
that that basically how it was which is
pretty cool but Nikes news glove sixty
dollars you know whole a whole bunch of
coffee and sponsored by nike which is
cool so I like that they obviously say
nike right here show you real quick yeah
so i really like them where if one of
our favorite gloves on my nose gloves by
the way
oh sorry so like that so I really like
them everybody sticky there they're
pretty much my lucky glove so I've done
a lot of good things you know I
cornerback no caught a pig just swatted
them down swap the patch down I like
it's tough but yeah so that's pretty
cool if you want getting footage let me
know I can't do that cuz I'll be playing
and I can't pay anybody i could pay
somebody to film it but yes that's gonna
be free later if you ask them see me in
the game and all that let me know I'm
sure you do but yeah so that's that so
again $60 nikes news glove you can get
them on eastbay nike com you can even go
in the store and buy them now at my
local dick stores they don't sell these
in a small I guess when they did
everybody got him I were a small side or
my fly with the bunch of other stuff I
got oh yeah can I use these out of them
a dog night too I use these for a little
bit not took them off I don't like it at
the moment but yeah I refuse
construction a really breathable they
come in white blue my regular blue black
orange purple purple and green which is
so over word color I thinking get off
nike com you can check that later but
yeah is that it's basically my review
not gonna do a group test for don't feel
like it but yeah that biscuit at so any
more information on the gloves look in
the description whatever be sure to
follow my twitter and instagram
everything like that would be in the
description drawing more videos if you
want my video subscribe everything like
that follow me on twitter hit me up on
that Instagram everything so you know
basically my review on the vapor fog
gloves and peace up